Add content about the backslash of empty elements (#13722)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/introduction_to_html/getting_started/index.md

> **Note:** Empty elements are sometimes called _void elements_.

> > **Note:** In the previous versions of HTML, we used to add `/` at the end of empty elements, for example: `<img src="images/cat.jpg" alt="cat" />`, but we don't have to do this in HTML5.

Reviewer: - This wasn't the case if previous version of HTML, at least except XHTML.
- We don't speak anymore of version of HTML. There is only one version, the one implemented that is evolving little by little

So I propose to reformulate this:

```suggestion
> **Note:** In HTML, there is no requirement to add a `/` at the end of an empty element's tag, for example: `<img src="images/cat.jpg" alt="cat" />`. However, it is also a valid syntax and you may want to do this when you want your HTML to be valid XML.
```
